+++
title = "Joanne Leung"
image = "profile_JL.jpg"
position = "Postdoctoral Fellow (Immunology)"
biography = "Joanne received her HBSc from the University of Toronto in 2009 as an Immunology specialist with a minor in French. During the swine-flu pandemic of 2009, Joanne was selected as one of ten Canadian students to participate in the Emerging & Infectious Disease program in Shantou University, China, hosted by the International Institute of Infection & Immunity. She then completed her PhD in 2016 at McGill University where she examined the regulation of anti-tumor T cell immunity by the co-inhibitor B7-H4 under the guidance of Dr. Woong-Kyung Suh at the Montreal Clinical Research Institute. In 2017, Joanne began her postdoctoral studies at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, New York, where she investigated the anti-tumor responses in long-term survivors of human pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma in the lab of Dr. Vinod Balachandran. There, she sought to understand how cancer neoantigens define T cell function based on a neoantigen quality fitness model established with computational scientists Dr. Benjamin Greenbaum and Dr. Marta Luksza from the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai. In 2019, Joanne joined Dr. Michele Anderson’s team at Sunnybrook Research Institute (affiliated with U of T) to continue examining T cell immunity in the context of fundamental immunology. In 2021, Joanne received the AAI Intersect Fellowship, which aims to connect immunology researchers and computational scientists, and is currently being co-supervised by Dr. Kieran Campbell from the Lunenfeld-Tanenbaum Research Institute to further elucidate the developmental patterning in the generation of long-term T cell immunity using in silico modeling approaches."  
github = "joanne-pl"
linkedin = "joanne-leung-ph-d-a90270118/"
email = "joanne.leung@sri.utoronto.ca"
date = 2021-01-15
+++